Forget it, this ring is too heavy and will hurt you. Thank you, Master, hammer face, etc.
I didn't say I'll forgive you.
Shut up.
Um, he's my brother in this life.
Ok, let's see how I clean up your brother.
This is your favorite crystal milk bottle.
I traded him for this woman.
A fool is a fool.
A crystal with a job.
This little secretary.
I will put
Fuck you.
A broken crystal milk jug wants to change my secretary
You look like a fool
Aren't you a fool
At least you get a yellow brick.
Ok, I'll go onstage and send it to you later.
What do you want to do later?
Won't he buy it himself?
Go you still carry me
You told me to carry you. Can't you just stand there and look for my father?
This aspect is crazy.
It's useless to call your father. I'll call you. I'll call you. I'll call my father.